Added how to fix locking yourself out (#10021)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/docs-conceptual/control-remote-powershell-access-to-exchange-servers.md

- By default, all user accounts have access to remote PowerShell. However, to actually use remote PowerShell to connect to an Exchange server, the user needs to be a member of a management role group, or be directly assigned a management role that enables the user to run Exchange cmdlets. For more information about role groups and management roles, see [Exchange Server permissions](/Exchange/permissions/permissions).

  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > In your haste to quickly and globally disable remote PowerShell access in your organization, beware of commands like `Get-User | Set-User -RemotePowerShellEnabled $false` without considering administrator or service accounts that need remote PowerShell access. Use the procedures in this article to selectively remove remote PowerShell access, or preserve access for some by using the following syntax in your global removal command: `Get-User | Where-Object {$_.UserPrincipalName -ne 'admin1@contoso.com' -or $_.UserPrincipalName -ne 'admin2@contoso.com'...} | Set-User -RemotePowerShellEnabled $false`. 

>   > In case you did that, load the Exchange module in an normal PowerShell to undo your work `add-PSSnapin Microsoft.Exchange.Management.PowerShell.SnapIn`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >
    > Should you have done that, load the Exchange module in normal PowerShell to undo your work by using the following syntax: `add-PSSnapin Microsoft.Exchange.Management.PowerShell.SnapIn`.
```
